Help me cook.
Pham Hien
Thanks for not just making me the leader of the Beg cult.
And save the Cult from fire and water.
But the second floor of Truong Sinh was already taken away by Duong Le.
I can't find it.
What do you mean?
Do you want me to help you?
But that's okay.
I got the real thing from the room south of Jia.
I think so.
Mr. Phuong, why don't I promise myself?
Old Mao, this is revenge.
No need.
If not, can you tell me about To Truong Tung's world?
To Truong Tung doesn't like women?
It seems that if he wants to stay, he can only make this decision.
Well, not that much.
It's not what you think.
Don't get me wrong.
You two go out.
I need to talk to the governors.
How did you find here?
I came to tell you some news.
The leader claimed to be a man of Brown village.
And said he wanted to take revenge on the entire martial arts world in Brown village.
Who helped him take revenge?
Who did he give his complete eldest grandson to?
Brown Village never heard of it.
Where? What did you say his name was?
The leader of the Demonic Cult is named Pham Quang.
What?
She said his name was Pham Quang.
Is my father still alive?